# Intro to MATLAB Final Project
Final Project for introductory MATLAB class. Created a snake game solely using MATLAB with a starting screen, game screen, and end screen. For reference exact line by line comments can be found in the code files. This snake game is a remake of the retro snake game where a user tries to eat as many apples as possible without hitting the edge or yourself! To get a feel for the game, you can play it here: <a href = "https://playsnake.org/"> Snake Game <a> (this version has seperate difficulties, this can be done with my code by changing the time of pause in the game_mechanics file. The code is divided into a few main files: snake_ui (responsible for the creation of the starting screen), board_setup (sets up variables to be used on the snake board in game mechanics), game_mechanics (responsible for the main development behind controling the snake and playing the game), click (responsible for relating computer keypresses to usable variables), snaketester (the file that runs the game), game_over (the file responsible for the game_over screens) and credits (references the images used). All the code is written in MATLAB. The main issue in this project was getting the keypresses and relate them back to the game_mechanics file without pausing in betwen. Originally I wanted to use the waitforbuttonpress function, but it made the function pause until a key was pressed, making the snake stop in betweeen keypresses. I decided to use a keypress function instead and use a global variable to ensure the "key" variable was the same across functions. I believe there could be a more efficent way to write the code for generating the snake, where you store the snake head, end and the point which the snake turns to build it instead of the entire snake. However, I believe for the 20x20 board I decided to use this would not create a big difference in efficency.To run the game simply load in all of the files (inlcuding the pictures) into MATLAB and press cntrl + enter on the snaketester.m file (making sure all of the files are in the same place, this should just happen on download). I wrote most of the code, but had some help from my team member, Seyun Jeong, teacher Kyle Mithcell and MATLAB documentation. 
